Pass over Python, C, cmake instructions (#500)
mavlink/mavlink-devguide: en/mavgen_c/README.md

> **Tip** *Do not include the individual message files*.
  If you generate your own headers, you will have to add their output location to your C compiler's search path.

> When compiling the project, make sure to add the include directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When compiling the project, make sure to add the include directory:

```

When compiling the project, make sure to add the include directory:
```sh
$ gcc ... -I generated/include -I generated/include/common ...
$ gcc ... -I generated/include ...
```

In order to *send messages* you will also need to declare a variable `mavlink_system` in the **global scope**, specifying the system id and component ID of your component:

> ```cpp

Reviewer: I am assuming that people don't need this, or that it appears elsewhere, or is untrue.

   86 |  crc_accumulate_buffer(&msg->checksum, _MAV_PAYLOAD(msg), msg->len);
```

> You can supress the warnings using `-Wno-address-of-packed-member`.

Reviewer: 1. I kind of like the "reason" why it is OK to suppress warnings - otherwise I'm asking "is this a concern". Because I want to merge this I'll add as a comment and we can return it if you think this is a valid point.
2.  This is simpler, but might have been even better do tod something like
     > You can suppress the warnings using `-Wno-address-of-packed-member`, as shown below
       ```
       target_compile ...`.
       ```
3. Fix typo and add the original info as a comment for easy restoration, if desired.
       
```suggestion
<!--
These can be ignored because MAVLink re-orders packed structures such that values are properly aligned. Specifically all 4-byte values are aligned on 4-byte boundaries (by putting them first), all 2-byte values come after those and are hence also aligned, and last of all come the the 1-byte values.

-->
You can suppress the warnings using `-Wno-address-of-packed-member`.

```
